README.md, before:

<h1 align="center">
  Lucid Components React
</h1>

Generic, themeable react components.

## Getting started

## Components

| Component                                  | Description                                                      |
| ------------------------------------------ | ---------------------------------------------------------------- |
| Button  |                        |
| Card  |                        |
| Icon  |                        |
| Link  |                        |
| Paper  |                        |
| Video Player  |                        |
| Video Play Button  |                        |

## Theming

## Available Scripts

In the project directory, you can run:

### `npm start`

Runs the React app in the development mode.<br>
Open [http://localhost:3000](http://localhost:3000) to view it in the browser.

The page will reload if you make edits.<br>
You will also see any lint errors in the console.

## `npm run build-components`

Runs the components thru the TypeScript compiler and exports them.

## Create a release
- Update package.json version
- `npm run build-components`
- Commit new build files
- Create a PR and merge
- [Draft a new release](https://github.com/lbucio/lucid-components-react/releases)
  - Create a tag version matching package.json version targeting master branch
- Use a descriptive and concise release title
- List all changes and fixes in the release description
- Follow [Semantic Versioning](https://semver.org/)

## Learn More

Commit message:

feat: Add docs for how to use a dev release

README.md, after:

<h1 align="center">
  Lucid Components React
</h1>

Generic, themeable react components.

## Getting started

## Components

| Component                                  | Description                                                      |
| ------------------------------------------ | ---------------------------------------------------------------- |
| Button  |                        |
| Card  |                        |
| Icon  |                        |
| Link  |                        |
| Paper  |                        |
| Video Player  |                        |
| Video Play Button  |                        |

## Theming

## Available Scripts

In the project directory, you can run:

### `npm start`

Runs the React app in the development mode.<br>
Open [http://localhost:3000](http://localhost:3000) to view it in the browser.

The page will reload if you make edits.<br>
You will also see any lint errors in the console.

## `npm run build-components`

Runs the components thru the TypeScript compiler and exports them.

## Create a release
- Update package.json version
- `npm run build-components`
- Commit new build files
- Create a PR and merge
- [Draft a new release](https://github.com/lbucio/lucid-components-react/releases)
  - Create a tag version matching package.json version targeting master branch
- Use a descriptive and concise release title
- List all changes and fixes in the release description
- Follow [Semantic Versioning](https://semver.org/)

## Using a dev release
If you are wanting to test changes before creating an official release, you can update the package.json in the repo consuming the component library to use your branch.
- Change from using a tag (v1.0.0) to use your branch name.
- Update your packages and it will pull in your changes.
- Make sure to run `npm run build-components` first and then push your branch up.

`lbucio/lucid-components-react.git#branch-name`

## Learn More
